I just took you on a tour of the project department.
How do you feel?
Not bad, but you really lack a few powerful technologies to compete for the new landmark project.
That's right, so this doesn't bother you much, surround your economy.
I heard that Jiang Tam Duyet's other girl fired your entire department.
So you've thought about it.
General Director Jiang, Mr. Sakura.
There are no outsiders here.
You can use everyday life.
The New Moon
Don't you all call people Moon Moon on the Internet?
Oh.
I'm just not used to it.
Not used to this.
By the way, tell you quietly.
Jiangcheng's new landmark project, my father completely dropped it for me.
Brother, you're so good.
But you must help me.
The chairman authorized.
Jiang Xiaotian brought such a large piece of fatty meat and his daughter brought it to me.
There's no reason for ignorance.
Don't worry, I'm not helping you. Who can I help?
Thank you, Ichiki.
By the way, do we want to recruit some more people?
Anyway, we're driving so many people today.
No need, just have me here.
Just heard the technical drawings of the new milestone project.
The promised man is almost done.
I can't believe it's cheaper than me now.
General Director Jiang is not good.
What's going on?
Employees of the project department have quit.
Now we have no one.